Make the subtitles request timeout configurable (#207)
bbc/bigscreen-player: README.md

            cdn: 'cdn1' 
          },
        ],

>         captionsUrl: 'https://www.somelovelycaptionsurl.com/captions/', // NB This paramater is being depreciated in favour of the captions array shown above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        captionsUrl: 'https://www.somelovelycaptionsurl.com/captions/', // NB This parameter is being deprecated in favour of the captions array shown above. 
```
